I can't say that. Well, anyway, the drownouts were
interesting, too, because people would sneak in
the dorm, usually through the steam tunnels, come
up into the dorm. And we'd get word of that
sometimes, getting me to be drowned out. And so
we'd have people watch in, but they'd get by. Go to
the top floor and pull as many of those valves on
cracker heads off of those commodes. And, of
course, water just went everywhere. You get up on
the top floor of this third and fourth floor of the
dorm and pull those off. Before you know it, water
would be cascading down those stairs. And I'll
never forget as long as I live, one time they had so
much water coming down the steps, probably 2.30, 3
o'clock in the morning. I saw a New Testament
cascading down the steps. It came almost to the
foot of my door. When you're in a water fight, you
try to get everything up off the floor. You try to
get it up on the bunk or your desk or something
because it would run. But that was kind of fun.
Whose job was it then to clean up after the water
fight? Well, of course we cleaned our own room, and
I think we got out and cleaned the halls too. We
didn't have janitors. We didn't have phones in the
dorms. You know, we didn't have the amenities that
you would have today in the dorm. Concrete floors.
I mean, somebody might get a throw rug or an area rug
in their room, but most of us didn't have anything
like that. So that you knew pretty well. If we make
the mess, we're going to clean it up. Oh, everybody
had prunes. You'd start sweeping water and you'd
just keep on, and of course there's debris, you
know, waste paper and junk, like you say, stuff
came down the steps or whatever. But it wasn't
unusual to do that. Another thing that was common
was you'd start dumping stuff in a big one. It was a
great big butt can, big old ash, I mean, big old
waste paper cans outside in the dorms. You'd start
filling it with water and filling it with old milk
and, scraps, and cigarette ashes, and probably
against the door. The door's open to the inside. So
if somebody you really were kind of chapped at or
somebody, you know, everybody's picking all over
you, lean that up against it. Of course, when you
open the door, that big thing would fall over and
just flood the room with just debris and junk and
the most disgusting things. Now, was that also
called a drowned out? No, and I don't know what that
was called, but I remember it was done fairly
often. Did y'all have any kind of, you or your
friends have any kind of joke you played on
somebody that was going to have a special big date?
I have to admit to you, the non-regs did not have big
special events like the boot dance and the
military ball and the cotton ball. We didn't
participate as much. A great regret in our life.
But we didn't participate in that to that extent,
so it was not common. About the most we would do
would be to have a date night for football games or
something like that. Parents weekend was, I
think, Mother's Day, it was called. Mother's Day,
maybe, or something like that. It was not Parents
Day, I don't think. And that's the only day, as I
recall, that mothers or women could come into the
arms. Do you ever remember any good bull in a class,
in a lab, in an academic area?
probably took studies too seriously because of
intimidation by probation or whatever,
something like that, that I don't remember an
awful lot that went on. Chemistry, there was
always a goof off. You'd always mess up somebody's
experiment or hand you something that was a little
too warm or hot to handle or something like that,
but I don't remember a lot. Let's slide to
academics. Try to recall for us some of the very
important, in terms of your life, important
faculty members, advisors, counselors, who were
they? What was special about them? Well, that's a
great topic. Probably from a standpoint of
significance. I told you that I went home every
weekend to see this little head major head over
there. When you didn't get out of class until then
on Saturday, and you had to be back in class on
Monday, and you lived 160 miles away, and you
hitchhiked, that was not a real good arrangement.
Mid-semester, my grades came out, and they showed
that I went to Tyler every year. Dr. Potts.
Wonderful man. Dr. R.C. Potts. Got to know him on a
personal basis. In those days, you didn't have
dorm phones. And when you had a note on your door,
the color of the note determined what to do. You had
a phone call with the YMCA at home. or there was a
note behind your name, get a name card, you know,
card holders, and they'd stick those notes in
there. Certain colored notes, don't know which
color, maybe yellow or something, meant you
needed to go see somebody, faculty. Dr. Potts left
one of those, and I had sent one, a runner over
there, and left that, and I got that in, of course,
had butterflies on the scene. I walked in there,
and we got the most pleasant visit about common
friends, mutual friends that we had in Tyler,
great Aggies in Tyler. He leaned forward and
looked me in the eye. He said, young man, if you
intend to get your degree from this institution, I
suggest you hook yourself into the traces. That is
a direct quote. That almost makes me cry.
He changed my life.
I told him later. Now, in doing that, he was doing
that in his role as the College of Agriculture.
That's correct. The Wildlife Department was in
the College of Agriculture. It scared me to death,
embarrassed me horrendously. Think back. Had he
not done that, I wouldn't have personal interest
in that. And had the way that he did was settling me
down to where I had some respect for him and not mad
at him. then I don't know how to respond. I was a
sensitive enough guy to word and serious enough
about my studies until I got into goofing off.
Until it embarrassed me. Now my roommate had a
similar call, the guy that went to A&M with me from
my same community. He said, oh, you won't fly
because they won't do that. He finished with
Stephen at Boston. He didn't make it. He didn't
hold on. I got back and pouted for a day. Wrote the
girl a letter and told her I would not be coming home
much anymore and got serious about my studies and
of course it turned everything around. I saw Dr.
Potts years later on the field at TCU at a football
game and he was working helping the athletic
department I think after retirement. And I told my
wife, I've got to go see him. And I went down there to
the field and I told him what we'd done. I said, do
you remember that? He said, son, I've had that
experience many times. I don't. But I'm glad it
worked out well for you. I was a veterinarian by
that time. Because I went back to school six years
after I'd been out. But that was the most
significant thing that happened. But I remember
those guys. Dr. Scruggs. Snuggs is his name. Over
in chemistry. He was a World War I veteran.
somebody, remember he was a flying ace or
something, tough son of a gun, Dr. Pierce, Mr.
Pierce, he wasn't a doctor, we called him Dr.
Pierce, Mr. Pierce in the English department, he
taught speaking for professional men, and he
would call on you cold turkey, come to the front of
the room, and call on you, tell us about so and so,
and make you do impromptu speeches,
demonstration speeches and so on, and I have to
tell you that anybody who had his course, may be
intimidated when they get up and talk, but the less
intimidated wouldn't have been had they not had
his course. Now, did y'all have nicknames for him?
Oh, didn't have one. I don't know whether Pierce
did or not. Snuggs was just Snuggs. Now, if he
caught you doing something, if you're smoking,
come in the classroom, he'd collect cigarettes.
He had a huge collection of cigarettes, you know,
because you'd give him one. But there were many
nicknames. Ivy League, Taylor. Did you have class
with him? I didn't have him. I had another guy for
history, and I'm sitting here, and I can normally
think of his name, and I can't remember his name.
Delightful fellow. Taught a good course. Got an
old blue book benton. Taught government. Tough
professor. Essay questions. It was not rare to see
20s and 30s on test scores. He scared me to death. He
scared good grade into me. I studied that course as
much as maybe any other undergraduate course I
ever studied. Chemistry didn't scare me enough. I
had a tough time, but chemistry didn't take it
seriously. When I went back to go to med school, I
had to take some chemistry. I was a good chemistry
student, but there again it was a matter of
application. Do you remember who the chemistry
instructors were at your head? A guy named
Smintowski taught me one time, but he taught me
after I went back to school. A guy named, for some
reason I'm really having trouble with names this
morning, Isabel. Dr. Isabel taught over there.
He's the one that did that, invented that
imitation skunk. I wouldn't be surprised. For
deer hunting. Really? Yeah. He was a hunter. I
remember he was a hunter. What you do to get so the
deer doesn't smell you, he smells his imitation
skunk smell that won't stick with you when you go
home. And you take a little of that and rub it on
where you're going to be. Yeah. Any other
nicknames you remember? Well...
The nickname, we had some special names for Gunny
Putnam that taught economics. Hard-nosed, got to
embarrass you, move you to the front of the class
and embarrass you. Every Monday you'd get a new
one, got to pick on him. Don't remember his
official nickname. There were some, C.S. Harris,
Ivy League Taylor, Dr. Dan the Great Point Man. I
didn't have him. I think I should have, but... I
know some people who said that without him, they
would never have their ring or degrees. Dan
Russell. But in terms of... The wildlife
department, of course, I remember those
professors well. They didn't have nicknames for
them. Who were some of them? Dr. Baldoff taught
fisheries and herpetology. Dr. Davis, W.B.
Davis, was a pretty renowned mammologist, and he
was the head of the department. Dr. Jack Inglis.
was there. Dr. Dixon was there, but I didn't know
him. He was teaching. I think he must have come
after I took those basic courses. Describe
Baldolph and Inglis. Tough-minded professors.
Dr. Davis didn't laugh a lot. Talked about antics
in the classroom. Studied for labs. That wildlife
curriculum was very challenging, correctly.
very scientific taxonomic studies and memory had
to be pretty extensive. You really had to work on it
because it was just raw, rank memory. Just
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of scientific
names and stuff. Dr. Davis was a dictatorial type
head of the department. And he didn't mix with the
students all that much. But everybody scared the
death out of him. And one time we were studying for a
mammology And we had these dried skins. And he had
maybe the world's best bat collection, certainly
the one in the southwest. But there were skins
where the bats had extended wings. And a guy named
Friedersdorf decided he was going to sail one of
those like a plane over to another student. And
about the time that he sailed that bat, Dr. Davis
walked around the corner. In typical A&M fashion
in those days, we all paid a big price for this. We
had a practical on the spot. Dr. Baldoff, a fellow
that at the time you were kind of afraid of, because
he was really, by the book, a tough professional,
very demanding, good sense of humor, really good
sense of humor. As I began to finish up my studies
and look back on him, I thought a world of him. He
forced you into... He forced you into being a
pretty good student because he challenged it. He
would give those, in those days, he'd give those
200-point tests. Lab practicals were just
absolutely dismal because you'd have them at
night sometime and they went on forever. And those
were extremely challenging. All right, when you
got your degree and you're going out into the real
world, how well prepared did you feel you were for
that real world based on your A&M training?
Technically speaking, I felt very, very
equipped. But right after, when I went on active
duty, I went to Fort Knox, Kentucky, at very light
duty, worked in a separation transfer point, and I
was a clerk, had a Class 8 pass, we came in with no
formations and that sort of thing. That
environment set up a very casual social
atmosphere for those that worked in that
particular transfer center. I met a man who went to
Wayne in Michigan, a fellow who went to New York
University, and so on. My liberal arts
experience, my experience with politics, my
experience with the world around us, Frankly, it
was extremely lucky. I couldn't carry on a decent
conversation with those fellows about current
events, about the world scene politically or the
local situation. Social aspects, socially I was
dwarfed. quite frankly. You know, I didn't have
anything but maybe a couple pairs of pants, you
know, two shirts or something up there. These
fellas came from people with better financial
backgrounds than I did too. But at the same time, I
have to tell you that I thought, I realized then I
had a lot to learn. I was determined to do that too,
by the way. I spent a lot of time with those guys.
Let's see, did you feel as a transfer student, did
you ever feel like you were looked down upon or
second class or anything like that? At the time,
non-regs was not a very complimentary term
because most were in the Corps. And the one that
wanted to be in the Corps, you wouldn't transfer in
the Corps when you're a junior. I'm not sure you
even could. But it was impractical to do that, even
if you could. But anyway, yeah, I have to tell you
that I did feel that way. And right now, when
somebody asks what I feel that you have, It's a
question I almost dread because there's an
explanation who was with it, you know. Now, I'm
here to tell you the transfer students, I don't
think I'm a living example, can be as dedicated an
Aggie as anybody ever lived, more than many who
were in the Corps. I was going to say. But with the
same token, if you say, do you wish it would have
been differently? Absolutely. Because I've had a
rich life because of A&M. I would have had a richer
life had I been in the Corps, and I fully recognize
that. This is not really part of this, but how many
association presidents have not been corps
members? Not many. I don't know. I'm not sure. Has
there ever been a transfer student to the corps?
That's what I'm thinking. But I have to say that in
my stock answer, if somebody gave me the trouble
and said, well, what about a transfer? That was not
exactly the same. He was a transfer student. And I
would stand on it. Also, once or twice, Mr. Rudder,
to me, let me know that he had a little bit of a thin
spot of having frogged in. That one he didn't like.
He didn't like anybody to gig him on that. I tried my
very best to transfer him after my freshman year at
Tyler Junior College. My buddy and I were on the
transfer very badly. It just wasn't going to work
at home. And I worked all the time. I was in junior
college. But like I say, we needed this. We needed
the financial support. Our whole family did. Part
of my check went to make a car payment. And that's
just the way it was in those days. And I missed a lot.
And I realize it. I would not say that I'm
thin-skinned about it. Well, I guess I would be
thin-skinned about it. But it's not by somebody
else. It's self-imposed. Do you remember what, in
round numbers, what it cost for you to go to A&M?
Yes, sir. It cost me somewhere between $800 and
$1,000 a year. And that's room, board, tuition?
That's the whole ballpark. Of course, you didn't
have cards. I spent a nickel one week out of pocket.
I was going to hitchhike home, and I had a nickel on
Monday. Now, I'm not saying I didn't have anything
but a nickel, but it was a principle. I'm going to
spend a nickel this week. And I bought a Coke on the
way out of the dorm to go hitchhike with Tom. All
right. I've had some people describe hitchhiking
in the 30s. Tell me about hitchhiking in the 50s.
Where did you go to catch the ride? Well, you try to
get it out on 21. You get some kind of ride. Usually
it was some Aggie leaving town. Now, many times you
could post something over an academic door that
you needed to ride to the tower. Sometimes it
didn't work out. Everybody didn't have a car. Far,
far fewer people had cars. And a few of the guys that
had cars were screwy as a loon. They'd drive 95
miles an hour down those old roads up through the
North Suge and, you know, all through Baird and
Skirman half the day. So you'd hitchhike at a
matter of convenience. Once you got out there with
that suitcase, that big TAM on it, it wasn't a TAM,
it's a big T, Texas Aggies on it, or that little
maroon bag that everybody had, little cloth
maroon bag, Texas Aggies on there. When you got out
there, if you'd stay on the beaten paths,
hitchhiking was not a problem. You would get
picked up. Now, you didn't want to go off like I did
one time to Hearn, over to Marquis, to Graveland,
to, you know, that'd take you, you'd grow old doing
that. And I've had rides with drunks and, you know,
women and, you know, everything else. It was an
experience that I wouldn't want to trade it, but I
could see where people would particularly want to
do it. You couldn't do it today. Normally, it took
you how long to get from college? Not much longer.
If you caught a ride, you could usually be home in
about three hours if you caught a ride. you know,
within three hours. You'd be there in three to four
hours. Now sometimes five, but I mean usually it
did not take you that much longer. You could stay on
the beaten path, and I'm talking about my way would
be go up to Normandy, cut across over there, and get
up on 69, you know, and head up toward Palestine,
Palestine to Tyler. There was not much to it. It's
coming back, by the way. You know, the Aggie line
was out. Every town had a place called the Aggie
line. And that's where Aggies would be trying to
get back to school. I mean, I was sitting in laps,
you know, laying down across people and
everything else, setting floorboards. If there
was room for a person in the car, you would not be
left there at the Aggie line. And in that routine,
class... year, civilian or corps, did not matter.
Is that right? In hitchhiking? No. Now Buck
Henderson tells me that he used to catch a ride with
Rod Stepp and some of those guys back up there and
they never even dropped pounds with him. He used to
ride back and forth. They never dropped pounds
with him until the very end of his freshman year.
And he never could figure that one out. They were
harassing him. But no, that's right. That was
insignificant. You were Aggie buddies and that
was not a problem. Did you have a job while you were
at ANA? I did not work regularly. I helped some over
at the wildlife department. I talked to Mr. Rhodes
who was over at the forestry about working there.
We helped him some, but not much of a job regularly.
I was normally had a schedule with labs to where it
didn't allow much. In the summer, where did you
work? Well, in the summer what you tried to do, this
is an interesting thing, you talked about $800 to
$1,000 a year to go to school. Of course, I couldn't
make $800 to $1,000 in the summer. So I'd work and
make up all the debt, pay back the bank as much as I
could, and then they'd start borrowing again. So
by the time I got to my senior year, I borrowed most
of my last year down there, my third year. In the
summers, I was fortunate because Tyler State Park
was where I had grown up, and I had, by that time, had
a pretty good handle on that. And I'd go back, and I
knew how to work all those stations, the
boathouse, concession area, the bathhouse, the
lake and swimming areas. I'd go back and help my dad
and work there. And in that particular case,
nepotism served people that well because you knew
the job well. And you would work tremendous hours,
get up very early, make the garbage runs, the
picnic areas, and work until closing time at 1
o'clock, clean the buildings and so on. Go home and
do the laundry and the bathing suits sometime at 1
o'clock in the morning. One summer, I worked with
the quail hatchery in Tyler. Being a classmate in
wildlife, they wanted you to have a summer job with
the quail hatchery. So when you finished, you owed
about how much? Probably over $800. The reason I
ask that, I'm comparing that to the sums of today.
Right. And of course, today some of them have
staggering amounts. Well, I only make $340 a month
when I cut it out. Sure. Now, I'm not suggesting
that it's equitable. So you owed between two and
three months income. That's right. Let's see. Go
back to the classroom. What were the expected
rules? of class attendance, behavior, attitude,
dress, etc. Well, attendance was stressed to the
extent that if you were graduating senior, if you
cut classes, we of course had so many I think, if you
cut classes, you did not graduate. Not you may not
graduate, you did not graduate. That was
stressed. You didn't take finals if you had a C
average or better, I think it was, in your senior
year, but you had to go to class and they were very
emphatic. I know friends I know people who never
finished A&M because they end that far along in
their studies they did not finish because they
were kicked out twice in a so-called last
semester.
The dress was, of course, military or non-reg. I
typically wore jeans and probably some plaid
shirt, you know, Margal socks, plaid shirt,
jeans, and probably some kind of a fetal boot, you
know, some kind. Didn't wear tennis shoes, didn't
wear shorts. Umbrellas were not done at A&M. You
wouldn't dare carry an umbrella across the area.
You should. Yes. Everybody should. And I remember
graduate students maybe didn't or something, but
you spoke to everybody, non-reg or whatever. Now,
every once in a while you'd find some guy that
didn't speak, and you know, they were outcast to
the hilt. But you spoke to everybody. If you saw
somebody in there, just like you were in the court,
you went back and you shook hands with who they were
with on the side wall. It was not an exception.
There were very, very few exceptions in our
school. What about student diversity? Tell me
about any acquaintances you recall who were not
mainline Anglo-Saxon. For example, were there
some Jewish students that you remember? I'm sure
there were. Tyler and it was white and black over
there and there was some Jewish guys never even
thought about it you know. Were there any any
Hispanic students? Yeah there were some Hispanic
students there not they didn't stick out they were
just students that were there there wasn't no
issue was made of that you see what I'm saying?
Right across the hall was a guy from Raymondville a
Caucasian guy, a white male student, white
student, and a guy from Raymondville, Hispanic
descent. I didn't think any more or less of one than
I did the other. Just no issue was made. Now, the
nearest thing you would come to finding someone
would be maybe a student from Pakistan, Panama.
But you know, we were personable. We knew those
guys. And nothing was made of that issue in those
days that I know of. That would be my answer, too. It
was not an issue that we bothered to give any
thought to. If you said, where's that guy from
Panama? Now, faculty members had nicknames. Did
students in that era have nicknames? A lot did, in
the core they all did, just about. But a lot of guys,
I guess, had nicknames. But in those days, no
matter whether you're A&M or not, a lot of people
had nicknames. My best friend was Heavy, and my
other best friend was, my two best friends were
Pinky. They called me Ace. You know, my middle
initial's A for Allen, and they called me Ace. And
still do. I get letters A's across there or
something. But it was not unusual. People had
nicknames a lot in those days. YMCA. Uh-huh. What
happened at the Y in those days? Well, my
experience at the Y was where you went to, you were
summoned to go to the farm. And my granddad passed
away when I was a senior then. And he had several
crises when I was a senior. And I hitchhiked home,
left as early as 4 o'clock in the morning before
leaving, trying to get my time. And he'd respond,
he'd come back and do fine for a while. but you'd
have a knock on the door and they'd bring you a
telephone message from the YMCA. Yale practices
were held on steps of the YMCA. After the ball game,
the Yale leaders would go to the YMCA.
The financial aid office was over there, if I
remember down in the basement. Housing I think was
over in the basement of the YMCA building. All
right. Meetings. We had hometown club meetings
many times there or anything in that city. What did
a hometown club do? That was really the social
organization outside the Corps of Cadets. And I'm
not saying the Corps was excluded from that, but
non-regs corps everybody. Hometowns were a big
thing. Tyler Smith County A&M Club. Hometown club
was a big thing. We gathered, and I don't remember,
I doubt if it was monthly, but it was quarterly.
Mother's clubs would send cookies. I was an
officer in that club. They'd send cookies, and I'd
get the cookies, and I'd go to the post office and
get them. Post office was a big thing in those days.
Everybody would go to the post office. Went over
and had a box of cookies, and I had trouble keeping
them up somewhere where the ants didn't get in them
until we had our meeting. And probably did what?
Probably MSC or somebody had an urn of coffee or
something up there, and I'd take the cookies over
at our meetings. The greatest party that was given
in Tyler, Texas in those days was A&M Hometown Club
party at Christmas break and students, mainly
A&M, the girls in Tyler wanted to go to that so we had
no trouble getting dates. We had a disc jockey out
there, clean fun, people drank, brought their
bottles or something, like Dry Counties.
Sponsored by the A&M Club? And the Mothers Club
helping? Mothers Club and the local A&M Club,
Tyler Smith County, and the students would go.
Many students from other universities would come
to that party. A great, great party, you know, up
there. Clean-cut thing, but we had a lot of fun. And
whatever happened to it, I don't know. MSC.
Describe. Well, it's got the nickname of the
living room on the campus. I don't know whether
they still call that or not. In those days, it was
just that. Dorms were small, but they were pretty
smart. When you want to meet somebody, or if you're
ever going to do something where you needed a cup of
coffee or something like that, you go to the MSC.
The Bowling Alley was down there. I wasn't a
bowler, but when you rarely had a date on the
campus, they'd always want to go down to Bowling
Alley. That's where everybody gathered and you'd
see your friends down there. If they weren't so
good looking, you'd try not to go to Bowling Alley.
But you'd go to the MSC and down there, the
Association of Former Students was down there and
down the hall. I guess it would be the West End down
there, downstairs. They had a small library over
there. A lot of their hometown newspapers would be
there and publications. Periodicals were there.
Read those. Along the main walk right now where the
chairs and sitting areas with the windows, they
were there in those days. A lot of foreign students
spent time at the NSC. I say we didn't delineate
that, but I do remember that it was not unusual for a
lot of the foreign students to spend time over
there. Also, that's where you can make your phone
calls. If you want to call home, you go downstairs,
down that hallway, kind of like you're going to the
MSC, I'm sorry, the Associated Department of
Students Office. On the left-hand side there was a
bank of phones. And if you want to make a phone call,
you'd go back, get in line, and call home or
something. Guyon Hall. What happened in and
around Guyon Hall? Well, it's the end of the walk
down there, and Guyon Hall was the most
interesting place I guess there was. The cadets
would go there and watch, you know, there'd be
productions over there of some kind. The big
productions were at G. Raleigh, Blacktown Hall. I
didn't go there a lot, but you know how the students
were always wisecracking and talking back and
comments and responding. Going to a movie at
Aggieland those days was an experience to behold.
You may not hear much dialogue at the movie. You
heard a lot of conversation outside the audience.
Really a fun time. Funny, some of the original
comments you heard. Were there movies almost
every night at Guyon? I don't remember. I'm not
sure there were movies every night at Guyon. Maybe
on the weekends. I do go to Guy a lot. I've been
there, been there a number of times. I don't
remember going a lot to Guy. The town halls are much
more memorable to me because they had big name
entertainment in there. Swan Lake, saw Swan Lake
there. Brenda Lee was there. Gosh, the Lettermen,
you know, they were a popular singing group in
those days. They came. And it was almost like you'd
have a feeling that the, you know, when you went in
the military, they had these USOs, these shows
sometimes. It was a great time being there, but
there was some melancholy when it was over. When
the town halls were over, it was a little bit
melancholic, and you'd been to a great thing, but
it was such an uplifting experience that when it
was over, it became fairly mundane. And I'll tell
you what, that was a love-hate relationship if I
ever saw it. You'd leave that campus, and you could
not wait to leave that campus. You'd drive back in
there on Sunday nights, especially when it was
winter, and you'd see those old smokestacks over
there and that steam coming out. it looked like a
penitentiary. That big water tower. It felt like a
penitentiary. But there's something about that
that bonded us that I don't know anybody has really
ever explained to me where I fully understand that
emotion. But it's an emotional thing to talk
about. There's a spirit that can never be told. I'm
telling you. And really, you have a tough time
talking about that. Religious
emphasis week. Do you remember that? No. I went to
church regularly. I went to First Baptist Church
over at Northgate. And I went over there on Sunday
mornings. I didn't go Wednesdays and Sunday
nights, but I went on Sunday mornings. And
typically get up and go to church. It was unusual
for guys. The Catholic boys were always
excellent. They did get up and go to Mass. And I
always admired that. Many of us do go to church
regularly. Where were most of the churches? I
don't know.